# LoRa-Weather-nodes
This is based on Andreas Spiess' LoRa mailbox notifier, seen at https://youtu.be/WV_VumvI-0A. It consists of a singIe-channel gateway and one or more LoRa nodes. I've made a couple of short videos and supplied some pictures of these nodes. The pictures are in the repository and the videos are https://youtu.be/bzqtKwmoZaE (LoRa node feeding Grafana on local computer), https://youtu.be/Qnk1anLy27Q (LoRa weather nodes and a LoRa gateway) and https://youtu.be/R6djJ7CDpwM (two LoRa nodes feeding Cayenne).

The change to the LoRa node was the addition of a BME280 sensor and a 4-bit DIP switch. The sensor gives us temperature, humidity and pressure. The code adds pressure in inches of mercury, dewpoint and the battery voltage. I've added a solar charge controller, a Li-ion battery and a 6vdc solar panel to supply power to the node and make it usable remotely. The DIP switch allows me to give each node (up to 16) a unique address. With a change of code, a shift register and an 8-bit DIP switch you could have 256 nodes. The sketch is LoRaSenderBME_ID.ino.

I present you with two different of LoRa gateways. The first gateway has code to send messages to a MQTT queue on my computer. It connnects to my WiFi and sends the packets to my computer's IP. I pick this data up and put it into an InfluxDB time-series database, from which I use Grafana to graph the data. The sketch is LoRaReceiverBME_MQTT.ino.

The second gateway has code added to send messages to a MQTT queue on Cayenne's web site. It connnects to my WiFi and sends the packets via the Cayenne library utilities. It requires you creat an account on Cayenne, but it's free. On Cayenne I've defined a device into which I receive and display the data. The sketch is ESP8266_Cayenne.ino.
